
permissions
-----------



1 . Access is only allowed to data in database containing the table msdb_permit.

Installation:
	Upon install, My SQL Data Browser will ask you to install two tables in the
	database identified in msdbConfig[].

	msdb_passwd - is a table of users. one user is inserted upon install.
	msdb_permit - list of permission. is installed empty.

	this allows anyone who can login as listed in msdb_passwd to access all
	tables in the configured database.

	A read-only mode configuration also exists (in config.php).
	if read-only mode is set, permissions can still be explicitely defined
	for tables and users to allow write access to some users. (see below).

2.  To allow access to other databases, the table msdb_permit must be installed in it.
	Admin Instruction are given when trying to access a databse without permissions.


3.  The permission system is similar to the Unix file system access system.
	(The numbers have a different meaning and there are 4 bits in all not 3.)

msdb_permit lists tables, with their respective owners and permissions.

msdb_passwd lists a group name with each user.

msdb_permit -
	tname - a name of a table
	owner - the 'owner' of the table
	puser - permission bits for the user who owns the table.
	pgroup - permission bits for the group to which the owner of the table belongs
	pother - permissions bits for everybody else

each of the fields puser, pgroup, pother contain a number representing bits
that can be OR'ed together, according to the following:
	1 - select
	2 - insert
	4 - Update
	8 - delete

(The distinction between insert and update may be useful, for example a table
for logging information can allow anybody to insert new rows, but not
necessarily change or delete any.)

4. turning the system off.

To turn off the permission system and make sure nobody turns it on
accidentally, insert a single row in msdb_permit:
	insert msdb_permit values ( 'msdb_permit', 'someOwner', 1, 1, 1)

This means anyone who can login can access any table but nobody can change it. 

This can also be done from a WEB browser. (once!).


