<PRE>

what is msdb
------------

Msdb is an easy-to-use data browser for editing a mysql database.
Its intended audience is developers, database administrators, and desktop users.
It is not an administration tool, and is not used to create or modify structure of
databases or tables, nor does it require any more than casual familiarity with databases.
Rather, its primary focus is a fast and easy GUI for accessing data.


Brief Description
-----------------

If there is a context of a table present, then the page contains a selected
set of rows from the table. What to show is determined based on various criteria.
It can be the result of a search, or the result of a restricted group of rows having
a common field value as described in the statistical reports.
it can be the result of the last search performed, or the last restricted set chosen.
msdb may decide based on some other criteria (not detailed here) what to show,
with the obvious one being that a small enough table will be shown in its entirety.

There are three buttons associated with each row: Edit, New Copy, and Discard.

The last row shown is a form, which allows for inserting new rows, as well as supplying
query criteria (operators & values) for display in the following page.
With he New Copy button, one can initiate an Insert starting with the data of an existing row,
and only changing some of the fields (if at all).

following the table view of the rows, there is a set of statistical reports, showing some
grouping of data with some likelihood of being interesting. This information is also
useful for allowing the selection of restricted viewing of rows based on this grouping,
lessens the need for the construction of more complicated queries, at least in some cases.

If no table context is present, a list of tables to choose from is shown.

A logon screen is presented if authentication information is invalid or outdated.

Authentication is achieved by either by supplying a user name and password or valid
session identifying information, (this part is done by msdb, not by the user).
There are no cookies used.

since msdb equally accepts GET and POST information, one can easily create
shortcuts of URLs describing a desired view of a portion of a table,
(at the expense of lesser security, keeping the authentication information as part of the shortcut).
This might be useful in some environments.
</PRE>
